well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about
talking points and coincidences
we just had a special announcement
by the people who were tasked with
making sure we have resilience
in our election infrastructure it was
cool it was cool
they came out to reassure everybody to
calm everybody to make sure everybody
was on the same page
specifically they wanted to make sure
that you knew you could be confident
your vote counts it's quote confident
your vote counts
i want to make sure everybody knew that
that was coming from the director of the
fbi
he went on to say that early unverified
claims to the contrary should be viewed
with a healthy dose of skepticism i
agree with that
makes sense you need to be a good
consumer of information
the director of national intelligence
was also part of this conference
and he goes out to say claims about
fraudulent ballots
are not true and he said that all of
this was being done
to undermine voter confidence
now if you didn't watch this conference
right now you are thinking that the
director of the fbi
and the director of national
intelligence held a conference
and just trashed trump but that's not
what this was about
it was about uh operations they say are
taking place
that are being conducted by iran and
russia
or as the dni called them
they were desperate attempts by
desperate adversaries
got it so when a foreign nation
attempts to undermine voter confidence
makes false claims about fraudulent
ballots
makes early unverified claims that your
vote may not count because it's rigged
when it's foreign nations desperate
attempts by desperate adversaries
what is it when the president of the
united states does it
he's using the same talking points
trying to achieve the same goal
i mean it makes you wonder whether or
not
russia and iran got their talking points
from him or the other way around
they line up that closely and it doesn't
matter it could just be a coincidence
but at the end of the day you have to
realize the president's
re-election strategy
is the strategy being deployed by
foreign nations to disrupt the election
it seems like everybody who wants to
undermine american democracies using the
same talking points
making the same allegations and here you
have
the dni and the fbi director saying it's
not true
i think it's interesting and i think
that
those who still support this president
might really want to think about what
they're supporting if his talking points
about american democracy
match up with those people those nations
who want to subvert it
do you really think he believes in the
republic
in representative democracy in the
constitution
when all he does is try to undermine it
may be a desperate attempt by a
desperate adversary
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night